Add a section for industry regulation compliance (#6191)
magento/devdocs: src/compliance/privacy/ccpa.md

---
group: compliance
title: California Consumer Privacy Act
---

> The [California Consumer Protection Act][1]{: target="_blank"} (CCPA) expands the rights of consumers in California to determine how their personal information is collected, stored, and used, with an emphasis on protecting consumers from the unauthorized sale or exchange or their personal information. The CCPA was enacted in 2018 and is effective as of January 1, 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [California Consumer Protection Act][1] (CCPA) expands the rights of consumers in California to determine how their personal information is collected, stored, and used, with an emphasis on protecting consumers from the unauthorized sale or exchange of their personal information. The CCPA was enacted in 2018 and is effective as of January 1, 2020.
```

Author: Fixed.

The CCPA grants the following new rights to consumers:

> -  **Right to know** the categories of personal information about them that is collected, used, shared, or sold in the past 12 months.

Reviewer: was collected? "Past 12 months" implies past tense. Also, I think the sentence reads better without "about them".

Author: The "about them" was added by legal.   Fixed the tense. Thanks!

-  **Right to delete** certain types of personal information that is held by a business and/or their service provider(s).
-  **Right to opt out** of the sale of their personal information.
-  **Right to non-discrimination** in terms of price or service for having exercised a privacy right under CCPA.

## CCPA Compliance Guide

> A coordinated effort is required to develop and implement a plan to address CCPA compliance. Merchants are encouraged to assemble a cross-functional team, and follow the roadmap outlined in [CCPA Compliance Guide][2]{: target="_blank"} to bring their company into compliance with the regulation. As a developer, you might be invited to participate as a stakeholder with an emphasis on steps 2 - 5 of the process. See the CCPA Compliance Guide for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developing and implementing a CCPA compliance plan requires a coordinated effort. We encourage merchants to assemble a cross-functional team, and follow the roadmap outlined in [CCPA Compliance Guide][2]{: target="_blank"} to bring their company into compliance with the regulation. As a developer, you might be invited to participate as a stakeholder with an emphasis on steps 2 - 5 of the process. See the CCPA Compliance Guide for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: Should "CCPA Compliance Guide" have a link reference?

Author: Thanks for the edit!  As for the link, I didn't link the second reference to the CCPA Compliance Guide, because the first reference is already linked.  But it *feels* like it should be linked, so I will.

Reviewer: Delete the `{: target="_blank"}`

Author: Fixed.  (Actually, I had it correct initially, but added the 'target = blank' because it didn't seem to be opening in a new tab -- might have been something weird on my part) Thanks!

1. Assemble a cross-functional team to address CCPA compliance.

1. **Take inventory of digital properties.**

1. **Map the customer journey and data collection processes.**

1. **Establish procedures and mechanisms to respond to customer requests.**

1. **Write the content for the required CCPA customer notifications.**

1. Review agreements with service providers.

1. Update the privacy policy.

1. Document all CCPA-related procedures and maintain records.

## Personal Information Reference

> For technical information, see the data flow diagrams and database entity mappings in the Personal Information Reference that applies to the version(s) of Magento that you support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For technical information, see the data flow diagrams and database entity mappings in the Personal Information Reference that applies to each version of Magento that you support.
```

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: Remove the `<span>` tags

> -  [Personal Information Reference (Magento 2.x)]({% link compliance/privacy/pi-data-reference-m2.md -%})

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-  [Personal Information Reference (Magento 2.x)]({% link compliance/privacy/pi-data-reference-m2.md %})
```

Author: Fixed.

> -  [Personal Information Reference Magento 1.x)]({% link compliance/privacy/pi-data-reference-m1.md -%})

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-  [Personal Information Reference Magento 1.x)]({% link compliance/privacy/pi-data-reference-m1.md %})
```

---
group: compliance
title: California Consumer Privacy Act
---

> {: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.bs-callout-info}
```

`{: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info}` is the archaic way of creating a note. The preferred way is to omit the first `.bs-callout`.

> This is one in a series of topics to help Magento merchants and developers understand the implications of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The information is intended for informational purposes only and should not be construed as legal advice. Please consult with your legal counsel to determine whether and how your business should comply with any legal obligations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is one in a series of topics to help Magento merchants and developers understand the implications of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The information is intended for informational purposes only and should not be construed as legal advice. Consult with your legal counsel to determine whether and how your business should comply with any legal obligations.
```
